ln -s simpos nedpos
ln -s simpos cdspos
ln -s scat sgsc
ln -s scat sgsca
ln -s scat sgsc2
ln -s scat sub1
ln -s scat sua1
ln -s scat sua2
ln -s scat susa1
ln -s scat susa2
ln -s scat sujc
ln -s scat sact
ln -s scat ssao
ln -s scat sppm
ln -s scat ship
ln -s scat siras
ln -s scat sucac1
ln -s scat sucac2
ln -s scat sty2
ln -s scat stmc
ln -s scat stmx
ln -s scat ssdss
ln -s imcat imgsc
ln -s imcat imgsca
ln -s imcat imgsc2
ln -s imcat imub1
ln -s imcat imua1
ln -s imcat imua2
ln -s imcat imact
ln -s imcat imusa1
ln -s imcat imusa2
ln -s imcat imujc
ln -s imcat imsao
ln -s imcat imppm
ln -s imcat imiras
ln -s imcat imty2
ln -s imcat imucac1
ln -s imcat imucac2
ln -s imcat imtmc
ln -s imcat imtmx
ln -s imcat imsdss
ln -s imwcs imwgsc
ln -s imwcs imwgsca
ln -s imwcs imwgsc2
ln -s imwcs imwub1
ln -s imwcs imwua1
ln -s imwcs imwua2
ln -s imwcs imwusa1
ln -s imwcs imwusa2
ln -s imwcs imwujc
ln -s imwcs imwact
ln -s imwcs imwsao
ln -s imwcs imwppm
ln -s imwcs imwiras
ln -s imwcs imwty2
ln -s imwcs imwucac1
ln -s imwcs imwucac2
ln -s imwcs imwtmc
ln -s imwcs imwtmx
ln -s imwcs imwsdss
ln -s immatch immgsc
ln -s immatch immgsca
ln -s immatch immgsc2
ln -s immatch immub1
ln -s immatch immua1
ln -s immatch immua2
ln -s immatch immusa1
ln -s immatch immusa2
ln -s immatch immujc
ln -s immatch immact
ln -s immatch immsao
ln -s immatch immppm
ln -s immatch immiras
ln -s immatch immty2
ln -s immatch immucac1
ln -s immatch immucac2
ln -s immatch immtmc
ln -s immatch immtmx
ln -s immatch immsdss
